water temperature is only 15 degrees
mountain lake is another obstacle on the way
scouts behind were cool
air crossings and underground lifts
transitions
the scouts crossed the tunnel
23 meters full
uniforms this obstacle course
the military passed 40 minutes roughly speaking
we have been doing a month to improve
this trail
made
and two days and show this result it
already, in principle, washed small but
achievement mountain training necessarily
for every scout before class
instructing many military for the first time
have to work with mountaineering
airborne equipment part
combat training on the opposite
scout awaits unpleasant
surprise
occupies a circular defense city
covers directly crossing and
military men one by one all worlds fucking
and performed in mud conditions with
adversary so we are always ready
repel an attack on a surprise attack
enemy scouts must respond
lightning fast in any situation therefore
every test is a combat test
skills to start the military pass
easy routes fighters need to overcome
fear speak instructors and only after
scouts waiting skalnik height 15
meters ups and downs work on
several hours a day as soon as
practical training will be completed
scouts will go to the ascent
to show what you learned in the mountains
North Ossetia contract servicemen which to me
will pass the exam will leave the military
service for 13 years of existence in
Russia's only mountain center
training trained about 17,000
scouts besides experienced military here
passes up to training and young
replenishment
since the beginning of this year at the site
are trained scouts from limited
Russian military bases are here
finish Russian studies
servicemen from the southern network as soon as
they will return to base here in dore omsk and
the next gorge will arrive
scouts
simultaneously on the landfill engaged
fighters from several regions at once
combat coordination of units she
very important for servicemen to discharge
units because every second
gives us life when we spend every day
10 hours of training was preparation well
guys seeking to enhance their skills
combat training programs in the mountains
designed for two months the military say
teachers but now the fighters are coming
for a month these are the units
intelligence officers who will provide
safety at the winter olympic games
in Sochi
some keys in atlanta biys tv channel
star